== Copyright
    MakeOne Copyright (C) 2010 The MITRE Corporation. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
    This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
    under the conditions specified by the GPLv3 - see license.txt for details.


== Welcome to MakeOne 

MakeOne is a set of architectural components that allow SCM-style management of 3D CAD models, as well as one-click printing to 3D printers. In addition, there is an extensive data model and a variety web services for querying and performing numerical analysis on the various entities of 3D printing.


== Getting Started

1. Download the source
2. edit config/database.yml and set your database parameters
3. edit config/environment.rb or config/environments/development.rb and set your mail account settings
4. start mysql 
5. run 'rake gems:install'
5. run 'rake db:create'
6. run 'rake db:schema:load'
7. run 'rake db:seed:load'
8. run 'script/server -p 80' and point your browser at the localhost
9. have fun...

== Web Server

The web server component can be installed and configured using the steps above. The web site offers a way to tie-in 3D models for management, sharing, and one-click printing.

== Data Model

There are two data models packaged with this application, both in the MySQL Workbench OSS format (.mwb files). One is an entity-relationship diagram which is intended as a mental tool to help us understand and think about the universe of objects in the Additive Manufacturing domain and the relationships between those objects. The second data model is a 3rd normal form data model which can be forward-engineered to MySQL DDL. The relationships here are more explicit and this data model is the foundation for the backend website and the future data analysis we plan to implement.


== Drivers

Coming Soon! The MakeOne project endeavors to provide a "web-based one-click print" architecture, but to achieve this 3D printers will need to be network-enabled and have standard API support in their drivers. Until then, the MakeOne project intends to develop lightweight drivers that can be used to do basic one-click printing.

